Document `stream()` detection limitation (#434)
sindresorhus/file-type: readme.md

Returns a `Promise` which resolves to the original readable stream argument, but with an added `fileType` property, which is an object like the one returned from `FileType.fromFile()`.

> TVery handy to put in between a stream, but it comes for a price.

Reviewer: Typo

A file source implementing the [tokenizer interface](https://github.com/Borewit/strtok3#tokenizer).

### FileType.stream(readableStream, sampleSize)

Detect the file type of a readable stream.

If `sampleSize` is not provided, a backward-compatible sample size of 4100 bytes is used.

Returns a `Promise` which resolves to the original readable stream argument, but with an added `fileType` property, which is an object like the one returned from `FileType.fromFile()`.

> Very handy to put in between a stream, but it comes with a price. Internally `stream()` builds up a buffer of `sampleSize` bytes, used as a sample, to determine the file type. The sample size impacts the file detection resolution. A smaller sample size will result in lower probability of the best file type detection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This method can be handy to put in between a stream, but it comes with a price. Internally, `stream()` builds up a buffer of `sampleSize` bytes, used as a sample, to determine the file type. The sample size impacts the file detection resolution. A smaller sample size will result in lower probability of the best file type detection.
```

?

Author: Fully agree

A file source implementing the [tokenizer interface](https://github.com/Borewit/strtok3#tokenizer).

> ### FileType.stream(readableStream, sampleSize)

Reviewer: This needs to be properly documented as an options-object. Example: https://github.com/sindresorhus/boxen#options

Detect the file type of a readable stream.

If `sampleSize` is not provided, a backward compatible sample size of 4100 bytes is used.

Returns a `Promise` which resolves to the original readable stream argument, but with an added `fileType` property, which is an object like the one returned from `FileType.fromFile()`.

This method can be handy to put in between a stream, but it comes with a price.
Internally `stream()` builds up a buffer of `sampleSize` bytes, used as a sample, to determine the file type.

> The sample size impacts the file detection resolution. A smaller sample size will result in lower probability of the best file type detection.

Reviewer: Readme and index.d.ts should be in sync.
